adding deployment section and updating on-prem docs (#387)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/deployments/architecture.md

- **PostgreSQL database**: dbt Cloud uses a PostgreSQL database as its backend. This can be a cloud-hosted database, for example, AWS RDS, Azure Database, Google Cloud SQL (recommended for production deployments); or, it can be embedded into the dbt Cloud Kubernetes appliance (not recommended for production deployments).
- **Object Storage**: dbt Cloud requires an S3-compatible Object Storage system for persisting run logs and artifacts.
- **Storage Volumes**: dbt Cloud requires a Kubernetes storage provider capable of creating dynamic persistent volumes that can be mounted to multiple containers in R/W mode.

### Data Warehouse Interaction

dbt Cloud's primary role is as a data processor, not a data store. The dbt Cloud application enables users to dispatch SQL to the warehouse for transformation purposes. However, it is possible for users to dispatch SQL that returns customer data into the dbt Cloud application. This data is never persisted and will only exist in memory on the instance in question. In order to properly lock down customer data, it is critical that proper data warehouse permissioning is applied to prevent improper access or storage of sensitive data.

> ### Hosted Network Architecture

Reviewer: can we indent this section and `Customer Managed (General) Network Architecture` below and wrap them under a `### Deployment Architecture` heading?

<img src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/deployment/aws-network-architecture.png" />

- **VPC**: In both hosted deployments, the dbt Cloud application infrastructure lives in an [AWS VPC](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/) managed by Fishtown Analytics. One of the key differences between the Production and Single Tenant deployment is that the Single Tenant deployment provides a dedicated VPC for a single customer.
- **EKS**: Hosted environments leverage [AWS Elastic Kubernetes Service](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/) to manage dbt Cloud application resources. EKS provides a high degree of reliability and scalability for the dbt Cloud application.
- **CLB**: One or more [AWS Classic Load Balancers](https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/) living in a public subnet are leveraged in the hosted deployment environments to distribute incoming traffic across multple EC2 instances in the EKS cluster.
- **EC2**: The hosted dbt Cloud deployments leverage a cluster of [AWS EC2](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/) worker nodes to run the dbt Cloud application.

> - **EBS**: In order to store temporary in-memory application data, dbt Cloud leverages [AWS Elastic Block Store](https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/) mounted to the EC2 instances described above.

Reviewer: is this right? we use ebs for in-memory application data?

Author: Good catch this was wrong. I removed "temporary in-memory"

> - **EFS**: An [AWS Elastic File System](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/) is provisioned for hosted deployments to store and manage local files from the dbt Cloud developer environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **EFS**: An [AWS Elastic File System](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/) is provisioned for hosted deployments to store and manage local files from the dbt Cloud IDE.
```
